store: update store/store.go StoreBlock to use batches (#6018)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

- [cli] \#5772 `gen_node_key` output now contains node ID (`id` field) (@melekes)
- [blockchain/v2] \#5774 Send status request when new peer joins (@melekes)
- [consensus] \#5792 Deprecates the `time_iota_ms` consensus parameter, to reduce the bug surface. The parameter is no longer used. (@valardragon)

> - [store] \#5888 store.SaveBlock saves using batches instead of transactions for now to improve ACID properties. A short term fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [store] \#5888 store.SaveBlock saves using batches instead of transactions for now to improve ACID properties. This is a quick fix for underlying issues around tm-db and ACID guarantees. (@githubsands)
```

Good changelog entry! I'd just add your name to it for credit :)
